Forward we lost another 1.2 billion
It's time.
Success you are crazy
How did you sell all the stocks?
Trust me this battle
Soon.
Pioneer sold all his stocks
I must take a look.
Success, why did you beg me on the ground hahaha
Teacher Xiang has only been told for three years
This joke is enough for me to laugh for the rest of my life hahahaha
No, Miss Song didn't get the boat.
What shipment?
Shipping now shipping
No, everyone is lying
No one answered at all.
Forward stock was more than 3 yuan when we bought it
Now down to 5 horses
It's all intentional
He dumped all his stocks
Let's buy at the highest point
He has the ability to predict the future
He knows it's going to be full this time
It's all gone.
You said let me go
My 410
It's all gone.
Miss He this time
We're really booked
Go away, go away
Chen Feng, you are too amazing.
Just like you said, the stock market plummeted
I sold all the stocks and transferred them into 7 goods.
I made 50.
Our company is on fire